Weekly Meeting Log
******************************************************************************************************************************
This document will serve as notes from each team meeting Studios Umbrella conducts. We have to maintain weekly meetings to 
be successful within this project and continue making progress to reach our end goal of a functioning system in-line with our 
requirements document. 

Update this document with the agenda followed for each team meeting along with notes and new team member responsibilities. 
******************************************************************************************************************************

************************ D/A 09/09/2019 ************************

Agenda:

45 min: Individualy discuss progress and barriers from Req Document 
15 min: Next steps
** Most time was spent on UI and page layout.. Req document still needs review upon completion

Notes:

Discussed connection button on 1st page of UI. 

clarification on how mission json file is loaded?

Discussed UI moving to 3 seperate dynamic views. Connect, upload flight plan, main page "camera,stats, etc"

stats - altitude, lat long , battery, orientation. 

Todo - Susan: Finish wiring diagram 

     - Murat: Start UI code implementation
     
     - Ryan: Get DJI SDK working on android studio with sample program from DJI website 
     
     - Drew: Finish section 2 Req document
     
All - review req doc's on Tuesday D/A 09/10/2019

Bring HDMI cable to connect to huddle room big screen.


***************************** END ******************************

************************ D/A 09/10/2019 ************************

Agenda:

45 min, review design document
5 min, SDK DJI version 
5 min, Lock down thursday client meeting location ie room number 
5 min, Lock down phone simulator version

Notes:

Make local copies of any online documentation because one-drive is not reliable.
We need to move to dropbox.



Todo:

All: Put together individual questions for client meeting thursday.

Ryan - Submit to client/Debra req doc draft and UI wire diagrams, start architecture diagram

Drew - look at code to connect android app to drone.

Susan - git tutorials, connection drone to app

Murat - start dummy program implementing views, create buttons, dummy handlers.

***************************** END ******************************


************************ D/A 09/17/2019 ************************

Agenda:

60 min, review design document making changes and error check


Notes:

None

We have to be more careful with spelling errors!!


Todo:

All: Put together individual questions for client meeting thursday.

Ryan - Re-submit to debra with changes

Drew - look at code to connect android app to drone.

Susan - git tutorials

Murat - Update Trello, sua

***************************** END ******************************

************************ D/A 10/01/2019 ************************

Agenda / Notes:

1. Client meeting agenda
2. Review architecture diagram 
3. Start connection to drone stub code
<<<<<<< master
4. Refreshed on github
=======
4. Refreshed 
>>>>>>> master


Todo:

All: 

Ryan - Import DJI sdk into project 
Drew - look at code to connect android app to drone.... keep trying buddy
<<<<<<< master
Susan - Update Trello
Murat - Try the drone connection as well

***************************** END ******************************

************************ D/A 10/08/2019 ************************

Agenda / Notes:

1. Technical Requirements document
- took most of the meeting time
- What each member contributed
- Susan: Where part of the document
- Murat: Pros
- Ryan: Cons
- Drew: Tasks
2. Connect to DJI SDK 
- Used Drew's phone
- Connection was a failure
Todo:

All: 
Everyone needs to work on getting the drone connection to work
Whoever gets it first, will be the code that we will use.
=======
Susan - Update Trello
***************************** END ******************************

************************ D/A 10/15/2019 ************************

Agenda / Notes:
Drone connection again
Populate agenda for Sprint meeting tomorrow
Todo:
Murat will take the drone for testing until Thursday
Ryan will take the drone from Thursday until Monday
Drew & Susan will be working on the user and config guide
Susan - Update Trello
***************************** END ******************************

************************ D/A 10/17/2019 ************************

Agenda / Notes:
Drone connection success
Release 1 requirements met
Drone takes off and lands

The whole point of this meeting is to review the code
so all members are up to date

Todo:
Susan - Update timeline
Ryan & Murat - clean up code for release 1
Drew & Susan -User and Config Guide
Drew & Murat - installing APK
***************************** END ******************************

************************ D/A 10/22/2019 ************************
Agenda / Notes:
Assign tasks for release 2

During this team meeting we got everything done for our realease 1. 
This included gettting our configuariton and user guides done. 
As well as getting a video of our drone demonstration its functionality right now.
That functionality is taking off and landing right now only as assigned in our release 1.
Other than that we also planned our agenda for our client meeting on 10/24


***************************** END ******************************

************************ D/A 10/24/2019 ************************
Agenda / Notes:
Assign tasks for release 2
Get REQ document done

We went over our REQ document as a group and made changes according to
the corrections Debra gave us. We also downloaded out Release 1 folder and made sure that everything
was still working correctly the next day. We also worked on our presentation and got together what we are going
to do for our presentation in class tonight (10/24).

To Do:
* Start programming for obstacle detection
* make 2 new slack channels for meetings and client meetins so Leidos can see
* finish REQ document
* tidy up end of semester presentation
* new archictecure/wireframe if we update UI
* implement safety features within drone flight 





***************************** END ******************************

************************ D/A 10/29/2019 ************************

Team Skype Meeting
Attendes: Susan Lee, Murat Siyfiyev, Ryan Vacca, Drew Smegner

Notes:
*Talked about presentation for Thursday(10/31)
* Reworked our ted talk lines and opening statements for our presentation
* updated slides to include less pictures
* thought about how to visual represent our slides through our presentation with less on screen words

*we talked about our JSON mission file more
* drew out a protoype for how our file will work
* created our limits for our x, y, and z coordinates

***************************** END ******************************



